fedekunze/ 1696 improve README (#1801)
cosmos/voyager: README.md

[![CircleCI](https://circleci.com/gh/cosmos/voyager.svg?style=svg)](https://circleci.com/gh/cosmos/voyager)
[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/cosmos/voyager/branch/develop/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/cosmos/voyager)

> 👋 Welcome to Voyager, the official wallet and UI for the [Cosmos Hub](https://cosmos.network/).

Reviewer: 🎉

⚠️ This is still alpha-level software. **DO NOT** enter your Cosmos fundraiser seed into Voyager.

💻 Voyager runs on macOS 10.9+, Windows 7+, and Debian-based Linux distros.

<!-- 🎉 Binary releases are [available here](https://github.com/cosmos/voyager/releases). After downloading and untar/unzip-ing, navigate to the source directory and click on the `Cosmos Voyager` icon to launch Voyager. -->

<!-- Comment the section below once we support a default testnet -->

## ⚠️ NO ACTIVE TESTNET ⚠️

**NOTE:** Currently there is no active testnet. You have to [install Voyager dependencies](#voyager-dependencies) and then run a [local testnet](#local-testnet) to test Voyager out. This is only recommended for developers.

## Voyager Dependencies

Install the following dependencies if you wish to run voyager on developer mode or [contribute](https://github.com/cosmos/voyager/blob/develop/CONTRIBUTING.md).

### Node

Voyager requires Node.js `>=10.13.0`. If you have a different version of Node.js installed, you can use `n` to install the correct version. The following command will use `n` to install it alongside your current version of Node.js.

```bash
npm i -g n && n 10.13.0
```

### Yarn

> Yarn is a JS package packager we use manage Voyager dependencies. Download it [here](https://yarnpkg.com/lang/en/docs/install).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Yarn is a JS package manager we use to manage Voyager's dependencies. Download it [here](https://yarnpkg.com/lang/en/docs/install).
```
